Question 2: Is there a correlation between rainfall and the total number of wildfires?
  Based on the statistical analysis conducted we can conclude that there is no clear relationship between the amount of rainfall 
  and the number of acres burned using the top 20 California wildfire historical data set. We do not see a normally distributed 
  data set either; p vales are very high (Ares Burned = 3.96 & Rainfall = 1.10). A linear regression model was also trialed, but 
  it was a poor fit (correlation coefficient of -0.15). To conclude, the recommendation would be to capture a larger amount of data 
  to be certain but it looks like no relationship exists. 


Question 3: 

Is there a correlation between the number of structures affected and rainfall due to wildfires? 
Is there a higher number of structures affected due to the lack of rainfall?

H1: If there is less rainfall during the month of a wildfire, then there will be a higher number of structures burned.
H0: The number of structures burned does not depend on rainfall.

In order to examine the relationship between the number of structures affected and rainfall and to see if there was correlation, a scatter plot was used and we did a regression analysis.
Based on the data, there is no correlation between the number of structures affected and rainfall as it pertains to wildfires. With an r-value of -.09,
there is no correlation between the number of structures affected and rainfall. One problem with our data is that it is a small data set with only 20 points. 
With more data points, we could more clearly demonstrate whether or not there is correlation. When taking out the outliers of Zaca and Camp Fire, the r-value 
was .05, which indicates there is no relationship between the number of structures affected and rainfall. 

Besides, our outlier of Camp Fire, it is difficult to find a relationship between how many structures are affected and the amount of rainfall a place receives.
The cause of the wildfire, the spread of the wildfire, the infrastructure and material of buildings, and the response to the wildfire may be better indicators 
of how many structures are affected by a wildfire than rainfall. 

Based on our results, we have a p-value of 2.15 meaning our data is not statistically significant and we cannot reject our null hypothesis. If we had more 
data, our p-value may have been closer to .05. Our hypotheses would have been stronger if we had more data to test on. 
